Simplify the getting started guide (#749)
okteto/docs: src/content/get-started/deploy-your-app/dependencies.mdx

  width="850"
/>

> And the `seed` job now succedeed to intialize the MongoDB data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And the `seed` job has now successfully initialized the MongoDB data.
```
